Ludo Bagman – Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports within the Ministry of Magic.
Bathilda Bagshot – Author of A History of Magic, and the great aunt of Gellert Grindelwald.
Katie Bell – Gryffindor Quidditch Chaser one year above Harry Potter. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Cuthbert Binns – ghost, History of Magic professor.
Phineas Nigellus Black – Great-great-grandfather of Sirius Black and former Hogwarts headmaster. His painting hangs in the office and assists the current headmaster.
Sirius Black – Harry's godfather who was a close friend of Harry's father James. Escapee from Azkaban prison and member of the Order of the Phoenix. Killed in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries by his cousin Bellatrix Lestrange.
Amelia Bones – Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and the aunt of Susan Bones. Killed by Lord Voldemort.
Susan Bones – Hufflepuff student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Terry Boot – Ravenclaw student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Lavender Brown – Gryffindor student in Harry's year and member of Dumbledore's Army. Killed in the Battle of Hogwarts.
Millicent Bulstrode – Slytherin student in Harry's year. Member of Dolores Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad.
Charity Burbage – Professor of Muggle Studies at Hogwarts. Killed by Lord Voldemort.
Frank Bryce – Muggle gardener for the Riddle family. Killed by Lord Voldemort.

Alecto Carrow – Death Eater and sister of Amycus Carrow. Professor of Muggle Studies for one year, and Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts under Severus Snape.
Amycus Carrow – Death Eater and brother of Alecto Carrow. Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts for one year, and Deputy Headmaster of Hogwarts under Snape.
Reginald Cattermole – Employee of the Magical Maintenance Department for the Ministry of Magic. Impersonated by Ron Weasley.
Cho Chang – Ravenclaw Quidditch Seeker one year above Harry, and his first love interest. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Penelope Clearwater – Ravenclaw prefect and girlfriend of Percy Weasley.
Crabbe – Death Eater and father of Vincent Crabbe.
Vincent Crabbe – Slytherin student in Harry's year and the son of a Death Eater. Slytherin Quidditch Beater and member of the Inquisitorial Squad. Killed by his own Fiendfyre spell.
Colin Creevey – Muggle-born Gryffindor student one year below Harry. Older brother of Dennis Creevey, and member of Dumbledore's Army. Killed during the Battle of Hogwarts.
Dennis Creevey – Muggle-born Gryffindor student three years below Harry. Younger brother of Colin Creevey, and member of Dumbledore's Army.
Dirk Cresswell – Muggle-born Head of the Goblin Liaison Office, went on the run with fellow Muggle-borns Ted Tonks, Dean Thomas and goblins Gornuk and Griphook, during which he is killed.
Barty Crouch Sr – Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Killed by his son Barty Crouch Jr.
Barty Crouch Jr – Death Eater credited with facilitating the return of Lord Voldemort. Used Polyjuice Potion to impersonate Alastor Moody, and received a Dementor's Kiss.

